https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NCtzkaL2t_Y - The Beatles - Don't Let Me Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNv_Bu_L6C8 - The Beatles - Hey Jude
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NrgmdOz227I - The Beatles - Yesterday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jenWdylTtzs - The Beatles - I Want To Hold Your Hand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Q_ZzBGPdqE - The Beatles - Help!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0pGOFX1D_jg - The Beatles - Love Me Do
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45cYwDMibGo - The Beatles - Come Together
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b-VAxGJdJeQ - The Beatles - Twist & Shout
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQetemT1sWc - The Beatles - Here Comes The Sun
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PYF8Y47qZQY - Bob Dylan - Mr. Tambourine Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnKbImRPhTE - Bob Dylan - Knockin' on Heaven's Door
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vGJTaP6anOU - Elvis Presley - Can't Help Falling In Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PpsUOOfb-vE - Elvis Presley - Jailhouse Rock
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RxOBOhRECoo - Elvis Presley - Suspicious Minds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eHJ12Vhpyc - Elvis Presley - Hound Dog
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O4irXQhgMqg - The Rolling Stones - Paint It, Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrIPxlFzDi0 - The Rolling Stones - (I Can't Get No) Satisfaction
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GgnClrx8N2k - The Rolling Stones - Sympathy For The Devil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TLV4_xaYynY - Jimi Hendrix - All Along The Watchtower
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGoDaYjdfSg - Jimi Hendrix - Purple Haze
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CHekNnySAfM - Bob Marley - Is This Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LanCLS_hIo4 - Bob Marley - Three Little Birds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S5FCdx7Dn0o - Bob Marley - Buffalo Soldier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RlNhD0oS5pk - Led Zeppelin - Immigrant Song
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PD-MdiUm1_Y - Led Zeppelin - Kashmir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IS6n2Hx9Ykk - Led Zeppelin - Stairway To Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oaSk5vnAVJ8 - Led Zeppelin - Whole Lotta Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=co6WMzDOh1o - U2 - Beatiful Day
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6DeDzsCGbsQ - U2 - With Or Without You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ftjEcrrf7r0 - U2 - One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iymtpePP8I8 - The Ramones - Blitzkrieg Bop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Z1-R2LEuao - The Ramones - Rockaway Beach
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_48Qz_Oj6g - The Ramones - Surfin' Bird
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x2KRpRMSu4g - The Who - Baba O'riley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTWKbfoikeg - Nirvana - Smells Like Teen Spirit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vabnZ9-ex7o - Nirvana - Come As You Are
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n6P0SitRwy8 - Nirvana - Heart-Shaped Box
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fregObNcHC8 - Nirvana - The Man Who Sold The World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkcJEvMcnEg - Nirvana - Lithium
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTyNvD8Jaos - Nirvana - In Bloom
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AI7-i3UmZ30 - Nirvana - Stay Away
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8AHCfZTRGiI - Johnny Cash - Hurt
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2MtEsrcTTs - Neil Young - Harvest Moon
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zi_XLOBDo_Y - Michael Jackson - Billie Jean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-e-y-1VRZ3I - Michael Jackson - Thriller
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WlTlUseVt7E - Michael Jackson - Beat It
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tOgftEf7UDg - Michael Jackson - Smooth Criminal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dIQmcwSg0nU - Michael Jackson - Bad
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zpzdgmqIHOQ - Madonna - La Isla Bonita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EDwb9jOVRtU - Madonna - Hung Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbcLkbojRvs - John Lennon - Imagine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YqB8Dm65X18 - John Lennon - Stand By Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lXgkuM2NhYI - David Bowie - Heroes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYYRH4apXDo - David Bowie - Space Oddity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k9o78-f2mIM - The Doors - Riders On The Storm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YR5ApYxkU-U - Pink Floyd - Another Brick In The Wall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FrOQC-zEog - Pink Floyd - Comfortably numb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IXdNnw99-Ic - Pink Floyd - Wish You Were Here
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpbbuaIA3Ds - Pink Floyd - Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fJ9rUzIMcZQ - Queen - Bohemian Rhapsody
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HgzGwKwLmgM - Queen - Don't Stop Me Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rY0WxgSXdEE - Queen - Another One Bites the Dust
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tJYN-eG1zk - Queen - We Will Rock YouF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=04854XqcfCY - Queen - We Are The Champions
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eM8Ss28zjcE - Queen - I Want To Break Free
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JxPj3GAYYZ0 - Eric Clapton - Tears In Heaven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vUSzL2leaFM - Eric Clapton - Wonderful Tonight
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fX5USg8_1gA - Eric Clapton - Layla
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sZfZ8uWaOFI - Aerosmith - Dream On
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMNgbISmF4I - Aerosmith - Crazy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JkK8g6FMEXE - Aerosmith - I Don't Want to Miss a Thing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acQ6jLe3R8E - Aerosmith - Dude Looks Like a Lady
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4c8O2n1Gfto - Aerosmith - Walk This Way
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwKwoU9cQ_o - Aerosmith - Sweet Emotion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tAGnKpE4NCI - Metallica - Nothing Else Matters
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CD-E-LDc384 - Metallica - Enter Sandman
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ckom3gf57Yw - Metallica - The Unforgiven
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnKhsTXoKCI - Metallica - Master Of Puppets
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eeqGuaAl6Ic - Metallica - For Whom The Bell Tolls
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WM8bTdBs-cw - Metallica - One
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2AC41dglnM - AC/DC - Thunderstruck
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pAgnJDJN4VA - AC/DC - Back In Black
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEPmA3USJdI - AC/DC - Highway to Hell
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=44XYEeD1A1U - AC/DC - T.N.T
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EqPtz5qN7HM - Eagles - Hotel Calif�rnia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s0ZZHNRHA2g - Eagles - Take It Easy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbGs_qK2PQA - Eminem - Rap God
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5-yKhDd64s - Eminem - Not Afraid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVkUvmDQ3HY - Eminem - Without Me
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Yhyp-_hX2s - Eminem - Lose Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ytQ5CYE1VZw - Eminem - Till I Collapse
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mNUa1m3RUI - Eminem - My Name Is
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMfMUfgjiLg - Guns N' Roses - Sweet Child O' Mine
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8SbUC-UaAxE - Guns N' Roses - November Rain
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0CNPR2qNzxk - Guns N' Roses - Welcome To The Jungle
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rbm6GXllBiw - Guns N' Roses - Paradise City
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QKPxNQfrtzU - Rihanna - Work
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOGBIbqXwYE - Rihanna - Diamonds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xXD5tltX9Pg - Rihanna - Umbrella
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJtaKS1ARoE - Drake - Hotline Bling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QY3Y6lUH6A4 - Drake - God's Plan
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAbnEUA0wpA   - Drake - One Dance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v16qZcBllUU - Justin Bieber - Sorry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DcDbKDAb7go - Justin Bieber - What Do You Mean?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GqWYJT-iMTw - Justin Bieber - Baby
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jwgf3wmiA04 - One Direction - Drag Me Down
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0OJpbfprVro - One Direction - Story of My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdz_cabS9BU - Ed Sheeran - Thinking Out Loud
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ah4jxqEUekI - Ed Sheeran - Shape Of You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zLCL_Y-XT8s - Ed Sheeran - Photograph
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CWG-GDfejmY - Ed Sheeran - Perfect
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7-A9NqUjRI - Bruno Mars - 24K Magic
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tYvFa2ARD24 - Bruno Mars - Uptown Funk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JucvYrdSIcM - Bruno Mars - That's What I Like
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pNcvmwxoK2g - Lady Gaga - Telephone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqpUYOAEmxE - Lady Gaga - Paparazzi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DFMuOi2GiBo - Lady Gaga - Judas
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HqK4-dIiKY8 - Lady Gaga - Poker Face
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fiRjp6y6QvI - Lady Gaga - Bad Romance
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BNORkjGS_W0 - Maroon 5 - Sugar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJOTlE1K90k - Maroon 5 - Girls Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smKgVuSB18k - Maroon 5 - Payphone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7BJ3ZXpserc - Maroon 5 - Animals
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bnVUHWCynig - Beyoncé - Halo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z-bOdAdias - Beyoncé - Single Ladies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XC7eRmnfZ_A - Beyoncé - Run the World
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RB-RcX5DS5A - Coldplay - The Scientist
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yKNxeF4KMsY - Coldplay - Yellow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0TEUMPIhk8 - Coldplay - Paradise
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3a-q7vPa-UU - Coldplay - Viva La Vida
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YykjpeuMNEk - Coldplay - Hymn For The Weekend
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hT_nvWreIhg - OneRepublic - Counting Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rOAheoFBhBk - Linkin Park - In The End
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u-IcadiJCrE - Linkin Park - Numb
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHzzOHUu3sw - Linkin Park - Faint
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-YQ8IbVIwPM - Linkin Park - Somewhere I Belong
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlcJQYON2Go - System of a Down - Chop Suey!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mUEsqQpact0 - System of a Down - Toxicity
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OMtq6JzREcA - System of a Down - B.Y.O.B.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv4B3Rn5vWg - Black Sabbath - War Pigs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nDqpt4Pau8I - Black Sabbath - Paranoid
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jirnHvv1ACE - Black Sabbath - Iron Man
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-XlW-cyAdiw - Slipknot - Psychosocial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B2lmOei7qfk - Slipknot - Duality
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gvfgut8nAgw - Oasis - Wonderwall
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0J2QdDbelmY - The White Stripes - Seven Nation Army
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pT68FS3YbQ4 - The Strokes - You Only Live Once
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=knU9gRUWCno - The Strokes - Someday
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bpOSxM0rNPM - Arctic Monkeys - Do I Wanna Know?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma9I9VBKPiw - Arctic Monkeys - Fluorescent Adolescent
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IPXIgEAGe4U - Panic! At The Disco - High Hopes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vc6vs-l5dkc - Panic! At The Disco - I Write Sins Not Tragedies
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxVw7bvMd3s - Gorillaz - Feel Good Inc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7yqFVEvdY0 - Gorillaz - Clint Eastwood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3YM7LS4JRg - Gorillaz - On Melancholy Hill
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SlA0DY1w3Nw - Taylor Swift - I Knew You Were Trouble
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2_FwIIQvWQ - Taylor Swift - Bad Blood
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sWMk8dwljFU - Taylor Swift - Shake It Off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-ORhEE9VVg - Taylor Swift - Blank Space
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M84fFXooS5w - Ariana Grande - 7 rings
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5OeR5XBEahU - Ariana Grande - thank u, next
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cqjNuSkbO6A - Ariana Grande - Bang Bang
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffxKSjUwKdU - Ariana Grande - no tears left to cry
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAMsJT84t34 - Adele - Hello
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4bZYcq4qeE - Adele - Someone Like You
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fk4BbF7B29w - Adele - Send My Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rYEDA3JcQqw - Adele - Rolling in the Deep
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XhmGfZ1SeuY - Post Malone - White Iverson
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GFAZBKZVJY - Post Malone - Rockstar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SC4xMk98Pdc - Post Malone - Congratulations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yydNF8tuVmU - Daft Punk - Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4D7u5KF7SP8 - Daft Punk - Get Lucky
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7XnDlYY9qw - Outkast - Hey Ya!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CwdrtwZiQ9E - Black Eyed Peas - I Gotta Feeling
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4m48GqaOz90 - Black Eyed Peas - Boom Boom Pow
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_VXUiAJi5KY - 50 Cent - In Da Club
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=loW-eUvlhxg - 50 Cent - Candy Shop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FHGghEs1Ts - DMX - X Gon' Give It To Ya
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DsSM_YyZ3uU - DMX - Where The Hood At
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k1qpgQr8wXk - The Notorious B.I.G. - Hypnotize
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QceVTChhlJM - The Notorious B.I.G. - Big Poppa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YlUKcNNmywk - Red Hot Chili Peppers - Californication
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rn_YodiJO6k - Red Hot Chili Peppers - Otherside
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DyziWtkfBw - Red Hot Chili Peppers - Can't Stop
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzJj5-lubeM - Red Hot Chili Peppers - Scar Tissue
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IcrbM1l_BoI - Avicii - Wake Me Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UtF6Jej8yb4 - Avicii - The Nights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cHHLHGNpCSA - Avicii - Waiting For Love
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ovdm2yX4MA - Avicii - Levels
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=60ItHLz5WEA - Alan Walker - Faded
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1-xGerv5FOk - Alan Walker - Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ALZHF5UqnU4 - Marshmello - Alone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RE87rQkXdNw - Marshmello - Happier
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kOkQ4T5WO9E - Calvin Harris - This Is What You Came For
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebXbLfLACGM - Calvin Harris - Summer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DyDfgMOUjCI - Billie Eilish - bad guy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V1Pl8CzNzCw - Billie Eilish - lovely
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXRviuL6vMY - twenty one pilots - Stressed Out
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icrf3ebNZjA - twenty one pilots - Heathens
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pw-0pbY9JeU - twenty one pilots - Ride
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wtfhZwyrcc - Imagine Dragons - Believer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4AqjqOqNrjw - Imagine Dragons - Thunder
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktvTqknDobU - Imagine Dragons - Radioactive
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eiG_DUXD8YQ - Shawn Mendes - Treat You Better
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3TTS-vSlD4 - Shawn Mendes - Señorita
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mT_rZDGjY_Q - Shawn Mendes - There's Nothing Holding Me Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0zGcUoRlhmw - The Chainsmokers - Closer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FM7MFYoylVs - The Chainsmokers - Something Just Like This
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7C2z4GqqS5E - BTS - FAKE LOVE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XsX3ATc3FbA - BTS - Boy With Luv
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Mgqbai3fKo - Shakira - Chantaje
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjJKXxUx2PU - Shakira - Waka Waka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7QU1nvuxaMA - Audioslave - Like a Stone
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WC5FdFlUcl0 - Audioslave - Be Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx2u5uUu3DE - Bon Jovi - It's My Life
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lDK9QqIzhwk - Bon Jovi - Livin' On A Prayer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Soa3gO7tL-c - Green Day - Boulevard Of Broken Dreams
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NUTGr5t3MoY - Green Day - Basket Case
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GCdwKhTtNNw - The Neighbourhood - Sweater Weather
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PAzH-YAlFYc - DNCE - Cake By The Ocean
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrUJyKsLQeU - DNCE - Toothbrush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dMMUH_ZpbB0 - The Weeknd - Starboy
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzTuBuRdAyA - The Weeknd - The Hills
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qFLhGq0060w - The Weeknd - I Feel It Coming
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fHI8X4OXluQ - The Weeknd - Blinding Lights
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYDP_8UTAus - NEFFEX - Fight Back
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJ_1HMAGb4k - Vance Joy - Riptide
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bvC_0foemLY - Robin Schulz - Sugar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T7K0pZ9tGi4 - Two Feet - Go F*ck Yourself
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RgKAFK5djSk - Wiz Khalifa - See You Again
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDTZ7iX4vTQ - Foster The People - Pumped up Kicks
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ - Rick Astley - Never Gonna Give You Up
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72UO0v5ESUo - Luis Fonsi - Despacito
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9bZkp7q19f0 - Psy - Gangam Style
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R3BM350HEes - Will Smith - Fresh Prince of Bel Air
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YpvNgCSaCU - Lil Nas X - Old Town Road
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXcSLI58-h8 - Lil Nas X - Panini
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feA64wXhbjo - Bag Raiders - Shooting Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N2QxDxzMGa8 - Smash Mouth - All Star
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=feA64wXhbjo - Bag Raiders - Shooting Stars
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6Dh-RL__uN4 - PewDiePie - Bitch Lasagna
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iLBBRuVDOo4 - Tony Igy - Astronomia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XFudmaObLI - Aaron Smith - Dancin
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FTQbiNvZqaY - Toto - Africa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6120QOlsfU - Darude - Sandstorm
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52Gg9CqhbP8 - Stuck in the Sound - Let's Go
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2hr7Uqu6G80 - Legião Urbana - Tempo Perdido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfixHYBWaiU - Legião Urbana - Pais e Filhos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eL6zdEwRKws - Legião Urbana - Faroeste Caboclo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S_hY89b05mo - Legião Urbana - Será
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nM_gEzvhsM0 - Legião Urbana - Indios
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bsutUab2fkI - Legião Urbana - Eduardo e Monica
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_6IjeprfEs - Sepultura - Roots Bloody Roots
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i0apOwqlNiY - Paralamas do Sucesso - Aonde quer que eu vá
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poZTjSjmZwY - Barão Vermelho - Por Você
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bios9HcAC7E - Mamonas Assassinas - Pelados Em Santos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7JIF7jmXAok - Mamonas Assassinas - Robocop Gay
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IWIhGM4SDZ0 - Mamonas Assassinas - Vira-Vira
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o-fYSfkPJUM - Los Hermanos - Anna Julia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e-q2IxaH8Fo - Engenheiros do Hawaii - Infinita Highway
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JRJj4z-prvM - Charlie Brown Jr - Só os Loucos Sabem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dLX40UMUKo - Charlie Brown Jr - Céu Azul
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vHOQfmwjVOU - Charlie Brown Jr - Dias De Luta, Dias De Glória
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1q1uuofCLJE - Charlie Brown Jr - Ela Vai Voltar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HjgsNrtyzPk - Capital Inicial - Primeiros Erros
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WuenyQ4NCQE - Tom Jobim - Garota De Ipanema
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vJCzA2FP5to - João Gilberto - Aguarela do Brasil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sJpeMZrc-Mg - Chico Buarque - João e Maria
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=33-bMTOlvx0 - Chico Buarque - Apesar de Você
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=douUUoXIdBc - Caetano Veloso - Você Não Me Ensinou a Te Esquecer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rd3LEsKIjNI - Jorge Ben Jor - Mas Que Nada
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9VS9z3L9RQ - Roberto Carlos - Jesus Cristo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPUX4sRAwzo - Roberto Carlos - Esse Cara Sou Eu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQm4uJn0090 - Luiz Gonzaga - Asa Branca
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZQsoLACMW0 - Tim Maia - Gostava Tanto De Você
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syqJAgTQdlU - Tim Maia - Ela Partiu
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W5ZCxHBh28k - Tim Maia - Descobridor Dos Sete Mares
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45T6cK94GPQ - Tim Maia - Azul da Cor do Mar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VE6PNwmr9g - Raul Seixas - Metamorfose ambulante
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KobmJoCKKjY - Raul Seixas - Maluco Beleza
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wWYVuhgG3Ss - Raul Seixas - Ouro de Tolo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y80GfK_mFDw - Raul Seixas - Eu nasci há 10 mil anos atrás
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wZUTpTupeo - Renato Russo - Mais Uma Vez
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFRBQjBuQmo - Cássia Eller - Malandragem
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FUz0a2cl_RM - Zé Ramalho - Sinônimos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FBMMNBOXins - Zé Ramalho - Chão de Giz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eGkWUg0gJTY - Lulu Santos - Apenas Mais Uma De Amor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZloBT9eonm4 - Lulu Santos - Tempos Modernos
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5sdzeah7Dt0 - Djavan - Eu Te Devoro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkWHL_KMycc - Djavan - Se
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oTREAvZbmME - Zeca Pagodinho - Deixa A Vida Me Levar
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f32q8uh-IzY - Zeca Pagodinho - Faixa Amarela
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T3Y6RRSDm4o - Péricles - Até Que Durou
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uepkNKZvalc - Péricles - Melhor Eu Ir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zl6X0BLV6bk - Thiaguinho - Ponto Fraco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UNLdx3ec2Bw - Thiaguinho - A Fila Anda
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qo155ovb2PQ - Diogo Nogueira - Pé na Areia
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09_s_Kh8sls - Grupo Revelação - Tá Escrito
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SFdEkqHvCr0 - Grupo Revelação - Deixa Acontecer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EiQmbrvvDaY - Hungria Hip Hop - Lembranças
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hBecvGXZaNM - Hungria Hip Hop - Não Troco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_cbh4-SOmI - Hungria Hip Hop - Um Pedido
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hsAU8467rgY - Jovem Dex - NAV
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0WTNVhNaaC8 - Jovem Dex - Money
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sKrrdzeZpRE - Jovem Dex - Tango
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiyUSYL7pds - Sidoka - n me sinto mal mais.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XoqaMk6fJYA - Sidoka - qq cê tá insinuando
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdIKmwnLArk - Sidoka - Porsche
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sugnWT1rXJ0 - Matuê - Kenny G
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e24S9Ho3jaU - Matuê - Banco
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aJUub9vL5s0 - Krawk - BMW MONSTRA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=52NT9cSWC_8 - Racionais Mc's - A Vida é Desafio
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMz2WTnILSM - Racionais Mc's - Vida Loka Parte I
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sOO5fXllaT0 - Racionais Mc's - Vida Loka Parte II
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xH7aOnWpXxI - Seu Jorge - Burguesinha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ENwJxGEIiDE - Seu Jorge - Amiga Da Minha Mulher
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdQROwNBX4Q - Lagum - Deixa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5H5A2b9t5iY - Lagum - Bem Melhor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XjO4cMjzzBE - Lagum - Oi
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NeADhPP0G2Q - Jota Quest - Só Hoje
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dsUVU7ERK4 - Jota Quest - Dias Melhores
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PcBgfuB64yA - Jota Quest - Na Moral
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Xv6FZ_6V60 - Natiruts - Sorri, Sou Rei
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_tiWYt5YTI - Natiruts - Quero Ser Feliz Também
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_P7S2lKif-A - MC Fioti - Bum Bum Tam Tam
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3yd_eoMOvqk - MC Kevinho - Olha a Explosão
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PH4S7IPQxU - MC Kevinho - O Grave Bater
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzOkza_u3Z8 - MC João - Baile de Favela
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=upCptHeThio - MC L Da Vinte - Parado no Bailão
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8cp7ebiXmLc - MC Livinho - Azul Piscina
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Tun92VU2OkU - MC Niack - Oh Juliana
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vZc2_bqRczM - Cone Crew - Rainha da Pista
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ff3r10rCKFs - Henrique e Juliano - LIBERDADE PROVISÓRIA
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7_-RqxQRG0 - Skank - Vamos Fugir
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SMXkIhdJPNU - Skank - Sutilmente
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kLGAnUbIZZg - Skank - Saideira
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzLESxMqnTg - Projota - Muleque De Vila
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBs_pd1QQu8 - Projota - Ela Só Quer Paz
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YVJijQIualA - Vitor Kley - O Sol
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sv66qB4YwU - Vitor Kley - Morena
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gUpGTRR4Tt4 - Melim - Meu Abrigo
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NC9h8ptsjMY - Melim - Ouvi Dizer
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JVpTp8IHdEg - Alok - Hear Me Now
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VQ2EyU75p2o - Alok - FUEGO
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcm55lU9knw - Michel Teló - Ai Se Eu Te Pego
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gEiqSUzQ1fo - Michel Teló - BARÁ BERÊ
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B9Mi1-qn_PQ - Gusttavo Lima - Apelido Carinhoso
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5YIK4b7fNeo - Gusttavo Lima - Cem Mil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UrT0zCmsN8c - Simone & Simaria - Loka
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b_cNrFAVMTo - Simone & Simaria - Regime Fechado
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jbRXHLtMBc - Paula Fernandes - Jeito de Mato
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kszkoFI84JU - Pollo - Vagalumes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9LoaCdGBvqk - Nego do Borel - Você Partiu Meu Coração
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PA49hJlKRVo - Bonde do Tigrão - Cerol na Mão


